<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_mv_performance_tab" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>System diagnostics</title>
 <shortdesc>View analysis of cluster status and performance. The data views will indicate whether
  active clusters are performing as expected or not.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <prodinfo>
    <prodname><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/></prodname>
    <vrmlist>
     <vrm version="1.1" release="GA" modification="b"/>
    </vrmlist>
   </prodinfo>
  </metadata>
  <metadata>
    <keywords><indexterm><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/><indexterm>system diagnostics tab</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>The <uicontrol>Troubleshooting</uicontrol> sub-tab provides a data view for cluster modules
      actively engaged with your project's tasks. The data views provide details regarding the
      current status and projected performance of the cluster modules.</p>
  <fig conkeyref="r_image_warehouse/fig_ovw_2lh_mr" id="fig_jgg_sgm_mr"/>
    <p>The System Diagnostic troubleshooting agent will run a series of interactive tests to
      identify and isolate problems within the <term
        conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> grid. A typical interaction
      would proceed as follows:<ul id="ul_ht4_jns_mr">
        <li>User selects the <uicontrol>Troubleshooting Scenario</uicontrol> that best fits the
          observed situation.</li>
        <li>A series of tests will run, with results either being captured and displayed
          automatically or being observed and entered by the user.</li>
        <li>The result from one test may lead to one or more additional tests being run.</li>
        <li>One or more problems will be identified, isolated, and confirmed by the tests.</li>
        <li>One or more resolution measures will be identified.</li>
        <li>Resolution measures will include references to the applicable task documentation.  </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
   
  <p id="p_pl5_x5m_mr">For each cluster module, a data view presents a graph depicting the clusters
      progress. Three different health indicators signal the current or future processing status:
    </p>
    <table
      conref="r_mv_quickref_health_indicators.dita#r_mv_quickref_dataview_widget/table_uw5_y24_mr"
      id="table_zfs_2ms_mr">
      <tgroup cols="cols_jwr_2ms_mr">
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry/>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
   
  <p>If the cluster has stopped processing a task, it is not performing optimally, or it cannot address projected workloads, you will also receive a notification message alerting you to the problem. Visit the <uicontrol>Diagnostics Tab</uicontrol> to see additional information on the issue, select actions to amend the situation, and monitor the impact of your intervention.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
