<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptId">
 <title>Security architecture</title>
 <shortdesc>The <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> solution
  provides a scalable and robust security architecture.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>security<indexterm>architecture</indexterm></indexterm>
    <indexterm>security<indexterm>threats</indexterm></indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_abv_hbz_qr">
   <title>Security Services</title>
   <p id="p_wjp_nhc_rr">The security architecture of the <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_companyname"/>
    <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> solution relies on two
    independent sub-systems that continuously coordinate their operation in order to achieve and
    sustain a very high level of system security. These two independent sub-systems are:<ul
     id="ul_sys_4rt_qr">
     <li>Internal Security Services</li>
     <li>External Security Services</li>
    </ul> These two independent sub-systems manage access to the <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_balance"/> services by internal nodes and
    access to the entire <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/>
    solution by external parties, including the <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/> client interface. </p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_anf_3bz_qr">
   <title>Security Threats</title>
   <p>By default, <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clustercontrol"/> refuses
    to accept client requests from hosts not listed in the cluster. If the system is started on the
    unlisted host, the daemons continue to retry the connection. The master host rejects these
    requests, but if there are many unlisted hosts doing the same thing, it may become overloaded
    and be unable to respond to valid requests.</p>
   <p>Since <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clustercontrol"/> can handle
    large clusters (several thousand hosts in a cluster) and is designed to be resistant to this
    type of attack, a malicious attack needs to simulate a larger scale of false hosts in order to
    be successful, but theoretically <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clustercontrol"/> still remains potentially
    vulnerable to a very large-scale attack. Administrators must still plan their security
    architecture and establish continuous monitoring processes. </p>
   <p>With effective security administration procedures in place, the security of <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> is formidable. The scalability
    of the security regime is derived from the fact that administrative controls are applied in a
    top-down fashion while rights to resources are defined in a bottom-up fashion. Clusters will
    have specific rights assigned regarding the resources that they can request and process.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
