<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd" [

<!-- Begin Document Specific Declarations -->


<!-- End Document Specific Declarations -->

]>


<task id = "i713607"><title>Adding columns to a dynamic reporting table</title>
    <shortdesc>Enhance your reports by adding new columns to reporting tables.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>columns<indexterm>expanding dynamic reporting
                    tables</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
<taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Expand dynamic reporting tables to show the columns you need. Once a column is added,
                reports may be run against all of the fields represented.</p>
        </context><steps><step><cmd>Go to the Columns tab of the <uicontrol>Dynamic
            tables view</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Add a column</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>The Columns tab expands.</p>
                </stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field, select a column.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select a data type.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select a default value:</cmd>
<info><ul><li><uicontrol>Null:</uicontrol> no value</li>
<li><uicontrol>Specified:</uicontrol> enter a default value.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Expression:</uicontrol> to allow the expression to be reused by other columns, select
                                <uicontrol>Reusable</uicontrol>. For reusable expressions, you can
                            select an existing expression or click the ellipsis (...) and create a
                            new expression. Otherwise, select <uicontrol>One time</uicontrol>
                            (expression can be used only by this column).</li></ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Select the radial button to the left of the <uicontrol>Reusable</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>One
                        time</uicontrol> option to indicate whether the expression is exclusively
                    for this column or can be reused in other columns. </cmd>
<info>
                    <p>While working with expressions, the following toolbar options are
                            available:<ul id="ul_qqq_kex_ce">
                            <li>Click the <uicontrol>Undo</uicontrol> button to undo the last
                                action.</li>
                            <li>Click the <uicontrol>Redo</uicontrol> button to redo the last undone
                                action.</li>
                            <li>Click the <uicontrol>Search for text</uicontrol> button to locate
                                text within the <uicontrol>Description</uicontrol> box.</li>
                            <li>Click the <uicontrol>Change panel fonts and/or colors</uicontrol>
                                button to change the panel fonts and/or colors.</li>
                        </ul></p>
                </info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step></steps></taskbody></task>
