<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd" [

<!-- Begin Document Specific Declarations -->


<!-- End Document Specific Declarations -->

]>


<task id = "i713597"><title>Adding classifiers</title>
 <shortdesc>Filter data sources by class.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>classifiers<indexterm>adding</indexterm><indexterm>filtering data
     sources</indexterm></indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
<taskbody>
  <context>
   <p>A classifier creates conditions for filtering and classifying data sources. If no conditions
    are specified, all of the data sources are considered for classification. You can filter data
    sources by an expression (email, Peer to Peer), protocol or subscriber attribute, for example.
    These filters are also called "classifier conditions".</p>
  </context><steps><step id="s_1">
    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Classifiers</uicontrol> icon.</cmd>
    <info> All <uicontrol>Classifiers</uicontrol> that have been defined will be accessible for
     selection in the <uicontrol>Classifiers</uicontrol> view. </info>
    <stepresult>
     <p> The <uicontrol>Classifiers</uicontrol> view opens.</p>
    </stepresult>
   </step>
<step id="s_2">
    <cmd>To add a classifier, click <uicontrol>Classify</uicontrol>.</cmd>
   </step>
<step><cmd>Enter a name and description for the classifier.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the classifier type:</cmd>
<substeps><substep><cmd>Enumerated: All possible values of the classifier must be specified in the definition</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Integer: Classifier can be assigned any integer value</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>String: Classifier can be assigned any string value.</cmd></substep></substeps></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create a new rule</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set up one or more rules for the classifer, then click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>
     <p> Rules are conditions that, if met, set values for the classifers.</p></info></step>
<step id="s_8">
    <cmd>(Optional) Set target(s) for the classifier (which nodes this classifer is available
     for).</cmd>
    <info>
     <p>If no targets are set, then the classifier is available for all elements on all nodes.</p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Define additional <uicontrol>Classifiers</uicontrol> by selecting <uicontrol>Customize
      Classifiers</uicontrol> option.</cmd>
    <stepxmp>
     <codeblock conref="t_view_edit_metadata.dita#taskId/code_sxo_zti_ag"/>
     <codeblock>$AdminTask SetMetadataProperty  {- <option>classifiername</option> <userinput>valueString</userinput> -f%}</codeblock>
    </stepxmp>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Remove old alarms and filter match items.</cmd>
    <info>It is a best practice to remove old alarms or filter match items when they are no longer
     needed. Failure to regularly remove old alarms or filter match items may result in inconsistent
     reporting results.</info>
    <substeps id="substeps_qnf_1ls_mr">
     <substep>
      <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Filter match items</uicontrol>.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Filter match items</uicontrol> that no longer apply and that you wish
       to remove.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
      <stepresult>The old alarms and filter match items will be removed.</stepresult>
     </substep>
    </substeps>
   </step>
<step id="s_9">
    <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish.</uicontrol></cmd>
   </step></steps>
  <result>Classifiers have been added to data sources. They can be used to filter and analyze data
   received from these sources. <note>You can follow the same procedures to change existing
    Classifiers or to add new ones.</note></result></taskbody></task>
