<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskId">
    <title>Setting cluster metadata</title>
    <shortdesc>Cluster services profiled with metadata can be more easily discovered and
        managed.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>metadata<indexterm>tag objects</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Enabling the metadata settings in <uicontrol>Realm Permissions</uicontrol> allows an
                administrator to view and edit metadata settings for the <term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> deployment.
                Adding metadata services available across the cluster to be efficiently discovered
                and invoked.</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_sfo_zqi_ae">
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Console</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Under the Utilities section of the <uicontrol>Console</uicontrol> menu bar, click <uicontrol>User
                        Management</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the user Management page, click the administrator who will be granted rights
                    to apply object metadata.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Realm Permissions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol> View Metadata</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Edit
                        Metadata</uicontrol> checkboxes to enable these settings.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>The <uicontrol>Metadata Settings</uicontrol> button becomes available under
                        the Configuration section of the <uicontrol>Console</uicontrol> menu bar.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Apply metadata to the node objects.</cmd>
                <info>From the <uicontrol>Console</uicontrol> menu bar, you can select the option to
                    define custom metadata fields using the <varname>SetMetadataProperty</varname>
                    variable. </info>
                <stepxmp>
                    <codeblock id="code_sxo_zti_ag">$AdminTask SetMetadataProperty  {- <option>nodeName node1</option> - <option>propertyName</option>}</codeblock>
                </stepxmp>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
