<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="v3485903">
  <title>Cluster management basic commands</title>
  <shortdesc>Lists the basic commands used for managing clusters. The basic commands are:
      <cmdname>showcluster</cmdname>, <cmdname>badmin showstatus</cmdname>, <cmdname>badmin restart
      -p</cmdname>, <cmdname>hostload</cmdname>, <cmdname>hostacct</cmdname>,
      <cmdname>listhosts</cmdname>, <cmdname>hostlimits</cmdname>, and
      <cmdname>statclusters</cmdname>.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>showcluster</indexterm>
        <indexterm>commands<indexterm>showcluster</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>badmin showstatus</indexterm>
        <indexterm>commands<indexterm>badmin showstatus</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>badmin restart -p</indexterm>
        <indexterm>commands<indexterm>badmin restart -p</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>hostload</indexterm>
        <indexterm>commands<indexterm>hostload</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>hostacct</indexterm>
        <indexterm>commands<indexterm>hostacct</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>listhosts</indexterm>
        <indexterm>commands<indexterm>listhosts</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>hostlimits</indexterm>
        <indexterm>commands<indexterm>hostslimits</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>statclusters</indexterm>
        <indexterm>commands<indexterm>statclusters</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section><title>showcluster command</title><p>Displays execution cluster resource provider and consumer information, resource flow
      information, and connection status between the submission cluster and execution
      cluster.</p>
      <p><codeph>% <userinput>showcluster report</userinput></codeph></p><p>Use <cmdname>-app</cmdname> to view available application profiles in remote clusters.</p>
      <p>Information related to <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/>
        is displayed under the heading <keyword>Job Forwarding Information</keyword>. </p>
      <p>
        <parml>
          <plentry>
            <pt>local_queue</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Name of a <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/>
                queue.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>job_flow</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Indicates direction of job flow.</p>
              <ul id="ul_nqx_tir_yd">
                <li>
                  <p>send: The local queue is a submission cluster send-jobs queue (SNDJOBS_TO is
                    defined in the local queue). </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                  <p>recv: The local queue is an execution cluster receive-jobs queue (RCVJOBS_FROM
                    is defined in the local queue).</p>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>remote</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Shows the name of the remote queue, always the same as the local queue name.</p>
              <p>For receive-jobs queues, always “-”. </p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>cluster</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>For send-jobs queues, shows the name of the execution cluster containing the
                receive-jobs queue.</p>
              <p>For receive-jobs queues, shows the name of the submission cluster that can send
                jobs to the local queue.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>status</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Indicates the connection status between the local queue and remote queue.</p>
              <p>
                <ul id="ul_mks_ahr_yd">
                  <li>
                    <p>ok: The submission cluster and execution cluster can exchange information and
                      the system is properly configured.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    <p>disc: Communication between the two clusters has not been established. This
                      could occur because there are no jobs waiting to be dispatched, or because the
                      remote master cannot be located. </p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    <p>reject: The remote queue rejects jobs from the send-jobs queue. The local
                      queue and remote queue are connected and the clusters communicate, but the
                      queue-level configuration is not correct. </p>
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
        </parml>
      </p></section>
    <section>
      <title>badmin showstatus command</title>
      <p>Displays current cluster information. The last two lines only appear during a parallel
        <cmdname>daemon</cmdname> restart initiated with the <cmdname>badmin restart -p</cmdname>
        command.</p>
      <p><codeph>% <userinput>badmin showstatus</userinput></codeph></p>
    </section>
    <section><title>badmin restart -p command</title><p>Command to start daemon in parallel.</p>
      <p><codeph>% <userinput>badmin restart -p</userinput></codeph></p>
      <p>Starts <cmdname>batchd</cmdname> in parallel, leaving the existing
      <cmdname>batchd</cmdname> free to respond to queries and run commands while the new
      <cmdname>batchd</cmdname> restarts, reading configuration files and replaying events. Once
      all events have been read <cmdname>batchd</cmdname> daemons merge, replaying new events and
      leaving only the new <cmdname>batchd</cmdname> running.</p>
      <p>During a parallel <cmdname>batchd</cmdname> restart, new <cmdname>badmin restart</cmdname>
        and <cmdname>badmin reconfig</cmdname> commands are not accepted. Parallel
        <cmdname>batchd</cmdname> restart using <cmdname>badmin mbdrestart -p</cmdname> does not
        work with duplicate event logging (<parmname>LSB_LOCALDIR</parmname> in
        <filepath>host.conf</filepath>).</p>
      <p>The existing command <cmdname>badmin restart</cmdname> remains unchanged.</p></section>
    <section>
      <title>hostload command</title>
      <p>This command runs locally (in the execution cluster) when submitted by a running job.</p>
      <p><codeph>% <userinput>hostload</userinput></codeph></p>
      <p>
        <parml>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-cname</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>The option <cmdname>-cname</cmdname> includes the cluster name for execution
                cluster hosts and host groups in output for <cmdname>hostload</cmdname>.</p>
              <p>%<userinput> hostload -cname</userinput>
              </p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
        </parml>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section><title>hostacct command</title><p>Displays accounting statistics for finished jobs within all clusters connected by <term
      conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/>.</p>
      <p><codeph>% <userinput>hostacct</userinput></codeph></p>
      <p>This command runs locally (in the execution cluster) when submitted by a running job.</p>
      <p>Accounting statistics include:<ul id="ul_xxh_whr_yd">
        <li>
          <p>Date and time of submission.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Date and time of execution.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Time the job took to run.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Host the job ran on.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Any suspensions or resumptions of the job.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>The submission user account name.</p>
        </li>
      </ul></p></section>
    <section>
      <title>listhost command</title>
      <p>This command runs locally (in the execution cluster) when submitted by a running job.</p>
      <p>% <userinput>listhosts</userinput></p>
      <p>
        <parml>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-cname</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>The option <cmdname>-cname</cmdname> includes the cluster name for execution
                cluster hosts and host groups in output for <cmdname>listhosts</cmdname>.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
        </parml>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_xgm_jyt_qr">
      <title>hostlimits command</title>
      <p>Displays cluster limit data across all clusters, including forward limits and aggregated
        execution cluster limits.</p>
      <p> All clusters are shown by default.</p>
      <p id="p_cnz_nyt_qr">To specify a remote limit with the <cmdname>-n</cmdname> option, include
        the cluster name as well as the limit name: <userinput>hostlimits -n
            <varname>limit_name</varname>@<varname>cluster_name</varname></userinput>.</p>
      <p id="p_jbn_4yt_qr">
        <parml>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-fwd</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Displays forward slot allocation limits.</p>
              <p>Use <cmdname>-fwd</cmdname> with <cmdname>-c</cmdname> to display forward slot
                limit configuration.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-fwd -C <varname>cluster_name</varname>...</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Displays forward slot allocation limits for one or more specific clusters.
                  <cmdname>-C</cmdname> cannot be used without <cmdname>-fwd</cmdname>.</p>
              <p>Use <cmdname>-fwd -C</cmdname> with <cmdname>-c</cmdname> to display forward slot
                limit configuration for the specified cluster.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
        </parml>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section><title>hostpart command</title>
      <p>Displays information about host partitions. By default, hostpart displays information about all host partitions. Host partitions are used to configure host-partition fairshare scheduling.</p>
      <p>ClusterView provides commands for running tasks on remote hosts and ports (LIM_PORT and
        RES_PORT) for communication. Therefore, even if your cluster restricts users from directly
        logging into or running commands on remote hosts (therefore restricting your users to using
        commands to access remote hosts), users can still run some commands to run tasks on remote
        systems under certain circumstances.</p>
      <p>The <userinput>hostpart -x</userinput> command where <userinput>x</userinput> defines the
        host range can be directed to any cluster host. It will be propagated in order to return
        partition reports from the designated host range. </p></section>
        <section>
      <title>statclusters command</title>
      <p>This command runs locally (in the execution cluster) when submitted by a running job.</p>
      <p><codeph>% <userinput>statclusters</userinput></codeph></p>
      <p>Sample command response:</p>
      <p><systemoutput>CLUSTER_NAME STATUS MASTER_HOST ADMIN HOSTS SERVERS</systemoutput></p>
      <p><systemoutput>sub_cluster ok hostA admin 1 1</systemoutput></p>
      <p><systemoutput>cluster2 ok hostB admin 1 1</systemoutput></p>
      <p><systemoutput>cluster3 ok hostC admin 2 2</systemoutput></p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
