<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceId">
  <title>Options and output for hostpart</title>
  <shortdesc>Short reference description.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>hostpart<indexterm>options and output</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Options</title>
      <p>
        <parml>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-r</pt>
            <pd>
              <p> Displays the entire information tree associated with the host partition
                recursively. </p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt><varname>host_partition_name</varname></pt>
            <pd>
              <p> Displays information about the specified host partitions only. </p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-h</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Prints command usage to stderr and exits.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-V</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Prints the release version to stderr and exits.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
        </parml>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Output</title>
      <p>
        <parml>
          <plentry>
            <pt>HOST_PARTITION_NAME </pt>
            <pd>
              <p> Name of the host partition. </p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>HOSTS</pt>
            <pd>
              <p> Hosts or host groups that are members of the host partition. The name of a host
                group is appended by a slash (/).</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>USER/GROUP </pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Name of users or user groups who have access to the host partition.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>SHARES</pt>
            <pd>
              <p> Number of shares of resources assigned to each user or user group in this host
                partition, as configured in the file <filepath>share.hosts</filepath>. The shares
                affect dynamic user priority for when fairshare scheduling is configured at the host
                level. </p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt> PRIORITY</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Dynamic user priority for the user or user group. Larger values represent higher
                priorities. Jobs belonging to the user or user group with the highest priority are
                considered first for dispatch.</p>
              <p>In general, users or user groups with larger SHARES, fewer STARTED and RESERVED,
                and a lower CPU_TIME and RUN_TIME have higher PRIORITY.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
        </parml>
      </p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
