<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="v435934">
    <title>Acknowledging threshold alerts</title>
    <shortdesc>Set configurations to acknowledge all threshold alerts.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>alerts<indexterm>acknowledgements</indexterm></indexterm>
                <indexterm>thresholds<indexterm>status</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <steps id="steps_xaa_hcs_yd">
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Threshold</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>If there are several thresholds, use the <uicontrol>Threshold
                            Status</uicontrol> menu bar to filter the threshold view.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Under the Management section of the <uicontrol>Console</uicontrol> menu bar,
                    click <uicontrol>Thresholds</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the checkbox at the right side of each threshold with triggered alerts
                    that you want to acknowledge.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Choose an action</uicontrol> field, select
                    <uicontrol>Acknowledge</uicontrol> and click
                    <uicontrol>Go</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>If a long period of time elapses after initiating an action, it is possible
                    that there is a circular reference between the associated actions. Check the
                    definitions of all interdependent actions to confirm that there are no circular
                    references if you suspect that there is a problem.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the Acknowledge Message window, specify an acknowledgement reason message
                    (or leave blank for no message) and click <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> to
                    acknowledge the triggered alerts for all thresholds.</cmd>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>This message is recorded in the <filepath>cluster.log</filepath>, threshold
                        log database table, and syslog files.</p>
                    <p>For each selected threshold, the <uicontrol>Acknowledge</uicontrol> icon changes into the <uicontrol>Reset
                        Acknowledge</uicontrol> icon.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>
            <p>You can repeat the above steps, but select <uicontrol>Reset
                Acknowledgement</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Choose an action</uicontrol> field
                to allow the thresholds to resend future email and system log notifications with
                each triggered alert for the threshold.</p>
            <p>Click <uicontrol>Reset Acknowledge</uicontrol> next to the threshold to allow the
                threshold to resend future email and syslog notifications with each triggered alert
                for the threshold.</p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
