<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="troubleshooting_cluster_not_reporting">
    <title>Troubleshooting non-reporting clusters</title>
    <shortdesc>Immediate actions to take when a cluster is not
        reporting.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm> Non-Reporting Cluster<indexterm>troubleshoot</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>If you installed a cluster
                but it is not reporting in response to the polling sequence, it might be due to the
                configuration or operation of the cluster hardware or the activation of the cluster environment.</p>
            <p>Some of the ways you can tell the cluster is not reporting properly are the
                following: <ul>
                    <li>The cluster issues reporting messages with identifiers that do not
                        correspond to a recognized list within <term
                            conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clustercontrol"
                        /></li>
                    <li>The cluster fails to issue a reporting message in reponse to a scheduled, or
                        a forced, polling sequence</li>
                    <li>The cluster only intermittantly issues reporting messages</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_hdv_nqk_ae">
            <step id="steps_hdv_nqk_ae1">
                <cmd>In the <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clustercontrol"
                    /> interface to the execution cluster, open <filepath>host.params</filepath> and
                    locate <parmname>HOSTS_PENDING_REASON_UPDATE_INTERVAL</parmname>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step id="steps_hdv_nqk_ae2">
                <cmd>Verify the submission cluster reporting schedule is set to a valid
                    interval.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>In Configuratoin Tool <uicontrol>Schedule</uicontrol> task, select the
                            applicable submission cluster.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Intervals</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <ul>
                                <li>If the <uicontrol>Interval settings</uicontrol> option is set to
                                        <uicontrol>Custom</uicontrol> settings, check that all the
                                    reporting settings are correct, and then click
                                        <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
                                <li>If the <uicontrol>Interval settings</uicontrol> option is set to
                                        <uicontrol>Inherit from Parent</uicontrol>, continue with
                                    the next substep.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Relationships</uicontrol> task, select the
                            <uicontrol>Parent</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Cluster reporting</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Default settings</uicontrol> section, make sure the
                            <uicontrol>Reporting intervals</uicontrol> is set to <uicontrol>Synchronize</uicontrol>,
                            and that the reporting <uicontrol>Mode</uicontrol> is not set to
                            <uicontrol>Off</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Specify the reporting interval, in seconds.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>Zero seconds disables the pending reason.</p>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Restart the polling sequence.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>The issue has been resolved if the cluster successfully responds to the polling sequence. If this does not happen, proceed to the next step.</stepresult>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            
            <step id="steps_hdv_nqk_ae3">
                <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Interval settings</uicontrol> menu, confirm that the <uicontrol>reporting mode</uicontrol> is set to <parmname>dynamic</parmname>.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Interval settings</uicontrol> menu, select the
                            applicable submission cluster.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Intervals</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Verify the <uicontrol>reporting mode</uicontrol> is set to the <parmname>dynamic</parmname>.</cmd>
                        <info>If the <uicontrol>reporting mode</uicontrol> is set to the <parmname>scheduled</parmname>, then the cluster will only report at specific times which may not align with the reporting poll schedule.</info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Restart the polling sequence.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>The issue has been resolved if the cluster successfully responds to the polling sequence. If this does not happen, proceed to the next step.</stepresult>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>            
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
