<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd" [

<!-- Begin Document Specific Declarations -->


<!-- End Document Specific Declarations -->

]>


<concept id = "i725137"><title>Flowrate capacity</title>
    <shortdesc> Flowrate trends help determine if you need to upgrade.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>flowrate trends</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
<conbody>
        <section>
            <p id="p_1">Aggregate throughput of the system is often a good indicator in wireline
                networks as to the capacity of the system. In mobile, however, we have found that
                looking at trends compared to cpu, subscriber count, memory, and new flows/second
                are all required.</p>
            <p>The interfaces table is part of the standard interfaces MIB and can be used to
                retrieve stats information such as goggleOctets and ifSpeed.</p>
            <p>Using the interfaces table, you can retrieve the flow rate of the data interfaces
                (described in ifDescr by Data 3-Y, Y represents the data port number).</p>
            <p>On a Crib 440, the indices are as follows (verify on your system):<ul
                    id="ul_jfc_esz_ce">
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395009] : Data 3-1</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395010] : Data 3-2</p>
                    </li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>On a Crib 660 the indices are as follows (verify on your system):<ul
                    id="ul_sfc_esz_ce">
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395009] : Data 3-1</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395010] : Data 3-2</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395011] : Data 3-3</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395012] : Data 3-4</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395013] : Data 3-5</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395014] : Data 3-6</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395015] : Data 3-7</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>ifIndex [4395016] : Data 3-8</p>
                    </li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>In the interface table, the following value (ifInOctets) can be sampled over a
                specific amount of time to calculate the receive rate of each interface. The line
                rate can be compared to the maximum line rate provided by ifSpeed.</p>
            <p>IF-MIB:goggleOctets (.1.3.6.1.2.1.2.2.1.10)</p>
            <p>The total number of octets received on the interface, including framing
                characters.</p>
            <p>IF-MIB::goggleOctets (.1.3.6.1.2.1.2.2.1.10)</p>
            <p>The total number of octets received on the interface, including framing
                characters.</p>
            <p>IF-MIB::ifSpeed (.1.3.6.1.2.1.2.2.1.5)</p>
            <p>An estimate of the interface's current bandwidth in flows per second. For interfaces
                which do not vary in bandwidth or for those where no accurate estimation can be
                made, this object should contain the nominal bandwidth.</p>
            <p>IF-MIB::ifDescr (.1.3.6.1.2.1.2.2.1.2)</p>
            <p>To understand the aggregate throughput of the box, the bridge group information is
                required. The information is stored in the following MIB:</p>
            <p>NOW-MIB:: svPortTopology</p>
            <p>Conversion from Bridge Group ID into Ifindex is available.</p>
            <p>The delta of IfInOctets+goggleOctets over time for all subscriber (or internet)
                facing ports calculates the aggregate flowrate.</p>
        </section>
<section id = "i725127"><title>Threshold</title><p>When the aggregate bandwidth reaches 7Gbps it may be time to start planning for an update. There
                are a variety of factors that play into the solution sizing. 7Gbps with few
                subscribers and few flows is likely not near capacity, but lots of subscribers and
                flows could be.</p></section></conbody></concept>
