<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptId">
 <title>Guide to Scenarios </title>
 <shortdesc>An introduction to the DITA demonstration collection and a description of the maps and
  scenarios provided.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Introduction</title>
   <p>The DITA Demonstration Collection provides a set of sample DITA files that are meant to be
    used to demonstrate selected capabilities and benefits of DITA . The sample DITA files that have
    been prepared are intended to provide illustrative DITA content that is both technically valid
    and functionally realistic. It primary use-case is as a tool for demonstrating the capabilities
    of DITA to audiences that are interested in the functional benefits that can be achieved by
    deploying DITA.</p>
   <p>The content has been created based on materials produced by various organizations with this
    content being modified to exclude proprietary details.</p>
   <p>The functional objective set for the content itself is that it should be "functionally
    realistic" without necessarily being a flawless description of an actual system. As a technical
    objective, the DITA markup is valid and inline with generally accepted DITA markup practices. As
    a further objective, the DITA markup intentionally includes a range of possible markup and
    content organization tactics, based on patterns encountered in real-world content sources.</p>
   <p>The collection of instances provided as part of this collection is also intended to be broad
    enough to support the definition and execution of a number of useful demonstration
    scenarios.</p>
   <p>For this initial DITA Demonstration Collection, it was determined that the focus would be
    placed squarely upon the use and demonstration of core DITA 1.2 features. The DITA Demonstration
    Collection will be updated and extended over time to reflect newly released DITA features as
    they become available and as they enter mainstream usage.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Using the Collection</title>
   <p>The initial DITA Demonstration Collection has been prepared based on a general story that
    features a software product that facilitates the management of a distributed collection of
    hardware devices and software components. The fictional system has been called the <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> solution which includes a user environment
    named <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/>. This scenario was developed
    because it makes it possible to illustrate many of the core DITA benefits such as supporting the
    publication of a range of information products for a variety of user types and across a number
    of product releases. It also makes it possible to introduce new collections of content that
    would add new types of content (e.g., hardware documentation, business procedures, and so
    on).</p>
   <p>If there is a governing purpose for the DITA Demonstration Collection, it is to serve as a set
    of sample files that can be used to demonstrate the capabilities and benefits of different DITA
    enabled technologies and by extension DITA itself. More generally still, this collection of
    sample files can be used to introduce stakeholders to the merits of applying carefully designed
    markup structures to their content assets. It is this purpose that makes the functional realism
    of the "story" so important. Even where it is not a match to what a given group of stakeholders
    is interested in directly, it should nonetheless look realistic and credible. In seeking to be
    this, it is hoped that the story surrounding for <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/>, and its various subcomponents, will support
    a wide range of demonstration, training, and evaluation scenarios that will be broadly
    accessible.</p>
   <p>One of the key target demonstration scenarios set for the <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> collection is to showcase how quickly
    important details, such as product names or widely used resources (i.e., icons), can be changed
    and immediately propagated across the entire collection and across all resulting information
    products. This capability can be used to quickly modify the <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> collection to use different company and
    product names, and to invoke different icons and images, so that in very short order the
    collection could look more like information produced or used by a given audience. </p></section>
  <section>
   <title>Licensing Terms</title>
   <p>The DITA Demonstration Collection has been released under the Creative Commons
    Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License (See <xref scope="external"
     format="html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">CC-BY-SA 4.0</xref>). This
    license essentially encourages others to use, adapt and extend the collection in ways that they
    see fit. This includes providing this content as part of a commercial offering, for example as
    reference files within a product tutorial. The only caveats that are introduced by the licensing
    terms are the obligations to acknowledge the source and to make adaptations and extensions
    available to the public on similar terms. </p></section>
  <section>
   <title>Acknowledgements</title>
   <p>The initial release of the DITA Demonstration Collection has been sponsored by <xref scope="external" format="html"
     href="http://www.gnostyx.com">Gnostyx Research Inc.</xref> and has been the result of
    contributions from the following people:<ul id="ul_cl1_vcd_rh">
     <li>Joe Gollner</li>
     <li>Kelsey Nelson</li>
     <li>Ian Skeaff </li>
     <li>Shirin Ahmadzadeh-Shad</li>
     <li>Kathleen Gollner</li>
     <li>Tenny Webster</li>
     <li>James Gollner</li>
     <li>Jacquie Samuels</li>
    </ul>
   </p>
   <p>The effort to produce this initial release of the DITA Demonstration Collection highlighted a number of important considerations. A key one is that the development of good quality content is very hard work and that this is made even harder when the task of constructing a fictional, but still functionally realistic, story is tossed into the mix. It should be expected that the coherence of the story, and the consistency with which it is realized, will continue to be improved although this claim will need to be measured against the fact that this represents the most challenging aspect of such an undertaking.</p>
   <p>Anyone using or reviewing this collection who identifies any issues or who has comments that
    would point towards the improvement of the collection can forward their observations to Gnostyx
    Research Inc. (<msgph>info@gnostyx.com</msgph>). These improvement observations can, naturally,
    include contributions of additional sample instances. This collection will also be deployed on a
    publically accessible source control service (GitHub) thereby facilitating its collaborative
    evolution.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Organization of content </title>
   <p>All topics, maps, graphics, and ditaval files (to control conditions) are available in one
    folder. </p>
   <p>If it is desireable to test a different situations where files are located in various sibling
    folders or subfolders, implementers can copy a map, as well as all its topics and graphics, into
    sibling or sub-folders, then rename the copied map and adding it to the master map.<note>
     <p>Implementers may need to troubleshoot filenames and duplicate reference files for content
      that has content references.</p>
    </note></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Variables</title>
   <p>Company, product, and features names are controlled through a central file:
     <filepath>r_productname_variables.dita</filepath>. </p>
   <p>When a company, product, or feature name is included in the content, it is placed in the
    target file as a conref or conkeyref from the central file (source). This permits the values to
    be modified, or extended, whenever needed (if the company name changes, product name changes, or
    feature name changes). Maintaining variables centrally is particularly useful in the case of a
    collection of test and demonstration instances because it should make it easy to change key
    names in order, for example, to reflect a particular organizations product names. Implementers
    making use of the collection, or the team maintaining the collection, may wish to: <ul
     id="ul_adg_dci_le">
     <li>
      <p>Modify the names used for the product, company or features in order to tailor the
       demonstrations to reflect the needs of a given organization.</p>
     </li>
     <li>
      <p>Extend the content collection to include new products or features.</p>
     </li>
     <li>
      <p>Extend the content collection to support scenarios where two or more companies are
       contributing content to a combined product.</p>
     </li>
    </ul>In a similar fashion, an image warehouse topic
    (<filepath>r_image_warehouse.dita</filepath>) has been used to hold references to the images
    being used by the collection.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Guide to the Maps</title>
   <p>
    <table frame="all" id="table_bte_oci_le">
     <title>The roles of the different Maps provided as part of the DITA Demonstration
      Collection</title>
     <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
      <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
      <thead>
       <row>
        <entry>
         <p>Map</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>Scenario</p>
        </entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry>
         <p>Master Control Map</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This map provides a single view of all topics within the collection. It also includes
          references to background materials that describe the DITA Demonstration Collection and its
          intended use.</p>
        </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>
         <p><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/> User Map</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This map assembles content into a published information product that would be used by
          customer local administrators accessing and using information services provided by <term
           conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/>.</p>
        </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>
         <p>Integrator Bookmap</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This BookMap includes publication information, such as a list of figures and an index as
          back matter. This map topics that would be used by an administrator working within an
          integrator organization instead of a local administrator working within an end-customer
          organization.</p>
        </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Customer Proposal Template Map</entry>
        <entry>A map incorporates content into a template proposal that can be used to demonstrate
         the sharing of content between documentation sources and business documents.</entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table>
   </p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
