<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="v3337120">
    <title>Analytical reporting with <term
            conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="v5667118"><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/>
        is an advanced analysis tool for analyzing massive amounts of workload data. </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"
                        /><indexterm>introduction to</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody id="v3337129">
        <section id="v3337130">
            <title>Data-drive decision making</title>
            <p id="p_bv5_rkc_rr"><term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/> enables
                managers, planners and administrators to easily correlate job and resource data from
                one or multiple clusters for data-driven decision making. With better insight into
                datacenter environments, organizations can identify and quickly remove bottlenecks,
                spot emerging trends, and plan capacity allocations more effectively. <term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/> relies
                heavily upon the analytics provided by the <term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_analytics"/>. <term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/> then provides
                the real-time insights that inform and guide <term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_balance"/> services that
                actively manage the operation of the distributed computing clusters.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ax3_fbz_qr">
            <title>Data visualization tools</title>
            <p id="v5667119">Unlike traditional business intelligence solutions that require
                significant time and multiple steps to translate raw data into usable information,
                    <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/>
                incorporates innovative visualization tools that are built on top of a powerful
                analytics engine for quick and easy results. Users can utilize the pre-configured
                dashboards or construct their own, quickly answer questions about their high
                performance computing infrastructure and the applications running within it so that
                they can use that information to optimize computing resource utilization.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_lvs_fbz_qr">
            <title>Workload intelligence</title>
            <p id="v3337131"><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"
                /> is a workload intelligence solution for cluster management. <term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/> collects
                data, then assembles it into reports for analysis. <term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/> provides all
                the tools you need to collect the data, load it into persistent stores, then convert
                it into reports for further analysis using a ROLAP (Relational Online Analytical
                Processing) tool.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
