<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptId">
 <title>Ease of management</title>
 <shortdesc>The <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> solution has
  been designed for ease of management.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>management<indexterm>overview</indexterm></indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_mzb_jbz_qr">
   <title>Delegation of administrative rights</title>
   <p id="p_tct_h3c_rr">Rather than relying on a single cluster administrator for your <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_companyname"/>
    <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> deployment, you can now
    delegate administrative rights within <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clustercontrol"/> to trusted people
    throughout your organization. With fine-grained control, you can easily establish limits for
    administrators to slowly gain more responsibility throughout the <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> system. By enabling project
    managers and business owners to control their own workloads and resource allocation policies,
    users enjoy better service and the burden on cluster administrators is substantially
    reduced.</p>
   <p id="p_y5d_33c_rr">An administrator can delegate specific sub-sets of rights to
    sub-administrators, with the ability to manage other users within their domain or to project
    owners with limited control over data resources within their domain.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_qkk_jbz_qr">
   <title>Live customization </title>
   <p id="p_srn_33c_rr">Administrators can quickly and easily make changes to a wide range of <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> system parameters and <term
     conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/> reporting definitions and
    they can do so at any time “on the fly” without the need to restart cluster daemons. This means
    that you no longer have to wait for scheduled maintenance periods to make configuration changes
    to your cluster resources. This “live” reconfiguration capability boosts productivity, and
    minimizes downtime while reacting more swiftly to changing business priorities.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
