<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="v8932432">
 <title>Description of jtub command</title>
 <shortdesc>Use <cmdname>jtub</cmdname> to submit and control a flow definition.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>jtub<indexterm>description</indexterm></indexterm>
    
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Description</title>
   <p>You use the <cmdname>jtub</cmdname> command to submit a flow definition. When you submit the
    flow definition, you may specify the event that triggers the flow, if applicable. If you do not
    specify an event to trigger the flow, it requires a manual trigger. You must be the owner of the
    flow definition or have the administrator authority to submit a flow definition.</p>
   <p>
    <note>
     <p>The flow definition you are submitting may contain pre-defined events that trigger the flow.
      When you submit this flow using the <cmdname>jtub</cmdname> command, those events are
      overwritten by any specified in the command. If the flow definition contains triggering
      events, and you submit the flow definition without specifying a triggering event, those events
      are deleted from the definition that is submitted, and the flow definition requires a manual
      trigger.</p>
    </note>
   </p>
   <p><note><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> supports commands issued
     by jobs running on execution clusters. All <cmdname>jtub</cmdname> commands issued by running
     jobs are sent to the submission cluster, and then forwarded to an appropriate execution cluster
     to run. This is necessary because <term
      conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> execution clusters do not
     accept local job submissions.</note></p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
