<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskId">
    <title>Setting common resource definitions</title>
    <shortdesc>Setting consistent host definitions across clusters promotes resource
        sharing.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>For resource sharing to work between clusters, the clusters should have common
                definitions of host types, host models, and resources. The submission cluster uses
                the local configuration files to make job forwarding decisions, so it is important
                these definitions remain consistent across all clusters. Common resources that are usually defined include host types, host models and host services. Once defined, these common resources are inherited by all subordinate clusters.</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_sia_ulr_yd">
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure that the <filepath>resources.shared</filepath> file is identical in all
                    clusters. The order of resource definitions as well as the definitions
                    themselves must not change.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure that the <filepath>cluster.resources</filepath> file ReservationUsage
                    section is identical for all clusters.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure that the
                        <filepath>set.cluster.<varname>cluster_name</varname></filepath> file
                    ResourceMap section is consistent for all clusters.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Since the resources defined in the ResourceMap section vary from cluster to
                        cluster, this section should not be identical across clusters. However,
                        resources with the same name should have the same behavior (such as shared
                        or non-shared) in all clusters.</p>
                    <p>
                        <note type="warning">
                            <p>The local ResourceMap definition is used within each cluster.
                                Inconsistent definitions can result in jobs being forwarded to the
                                wrong execution cluster.</p>
                        </note>
                    </p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Define targets for alarms where desired. Targets identify the threshold point
                    for alarm notifications. Targets can be associated with any resource.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>From the <uicontrol>Targets</uicontrol> list, select a target.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Use the arrow buttons to move elements to the <uicontrol>Selected
                                Targets</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Save changes by clicking <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>, or save and deploy
                            the changes by clicking <uicontrol>OK and Deploy</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
