<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd" [

<!-- Begin Document Specific Declarations -->


<!-- End Document Specific Declarations -->

]>


<concept id = "i710910"><title>Attribute and parameter syntax</title>
    <shortdesc>Use attributes and parameters together in commands.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>attributes<indexterm>syntax</indexterm></indexterm>
                <indexterm>parameters<indexterm>syntax</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
<conbody><p>An attribute and a parameter can co-exist in one command.
Multiple attributes and multiple parameters can co-exist in a single
command.</p>
<p>General syntax guidelines for attribute parameters:
            <ul id="ul_qrw_xdm_mr">
                <li>
                    <p>Attributes and parameters can appear in any order after the command
                        foundation, either attribute before parameter, or parameter before
                        attribute.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Sub-attributes are usually a scale of fixed measurements, for example the
                        attribute severity takes the alarms scale sub-attributes of: all, minor,
                        major, warning.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Sub-attributes are applied as a group of possible choices to delimit an
                        attribute or concatenated attributes.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>All possible expressions of a foundation class are in the Syntax section of
                        the command.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>The order of attributes and parameters is in part defined by user choices and
                        in part by the design structure of the CLI, to provide as much flexibility
                        in access to information possible.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    <section><title>Syntax Examples</title>
<p>Reference example syntax for setting namespace qualifiers within an attribute. </p>
        <codeblock>var currentPerformanceCounterCategory =  new System.Diagnostics.
    PerformanceCounterCategory();</codeblock>
        <p>Reference example syntax for initializing arrays on the declaration line.</p>
        <codeblock>// Preferred syntax. Note that you cannot use var here instead of string[].  
string[] vowels1 = {  "a",  "e",  "i",  "o",  "u" };

 // If you use explicit instantiation, you can use var.  
var vowels2 =  new  string[] {  "a",  "e",  "i",  "o",  "u" };

 // If you specify an array size, you must initialize the elements one at a time.  
var vowels3 =  new  string[5];
vowels3[0] =  "a";
vowels3[1] =  "e";</codeblock>
        <p>Reference example syntax for avoiding exceptions and increase performance by skipping
            unnecessary comparisons, use &amp;&amp; instead of &amp; and || instead of | when you
            perform comparisons.</p>
        <codeblock>Console.Write("Enter a dividend: ");
 var dividend = Convert.ToInt32(Console.ReadLine());

Console.Write( "Enter a divisor: ");
 var divisor = Convert.ToInt32(Console.ReadLine());

// If the divisor is 0, the second clause in the following condition  
// causes a run-time error. The &amp;&amp; operator short circuits when the  
// first expression is false. That is, it does not evaluate the  
// second expression. The &amp; operator evaluates both, and causes   
// a run-time error when divisor is 0.  

if ((divisor != 0) &amp;&amp; (dividend / divisor &gt; 0))
{
    Console.WriteLine( "Quotient: {0}", dividend / divisor);
}
 else
{
    Console.WriteLine( "Attempted division by 0 ends up here.");
}</codeblock></section></conbody></concept>
