<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptId">
 <title>Efficient use of resources</title>
 <shortdesc>Use scheduling capabilities to facilitate efficient use of cluster
    resources.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>resource management<indexterm>overview</indexterm></indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
   <section id="section_mhj_lbz_qr">
      <title>Schedule resources as needed</title>
      <p id="p_cf1_glc_rr">Guaranteed resource access provides flexible scheduling capabilities
        within <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/>
        <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clustercontrol"/>. Scheduling that
        works the way you need it to, ensuring that resources are allocated to users and jobs in a
        fashion consistent with your business needs. With extended on-demand scheduling policies,
        you now have simplified administration and an optimal alignment of business requirements
        with available infrastructure.</p>
      <p id="p_edj_glc_rr">Business needs are established through an analysis of performance demands
        using <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clusterview"/> and <term
          conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_analytics"/>, projections of expected
        demands, and forecasts of future workloads. The business needs in turn will determine the
        resources that will be required, the scheduling rules that will need to be put into place,
        and the job management framework that is put into place.</p>
    </section>
  <section id="section_ecq_lbz_qr">
      <title>Enhanced fairshare and pre-emptive scheduling </title>
      <p id="p_tr1_hlc_rr">The true scheduling features of <term
          conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> provide the ability to
        fine-tune the defintions that determine user priority and enable different sharing policies
        by project, team, or department. Job preemption controls help maximize productivity and
        asset use by preempting only the jobs that should be preempted.</p>
    </section>
  <section id="section_rgx_lbz_qr">
      <title>Unparalleled scalability</title>
      <p id="p_jdx_hlc_rr">You can easily add more than 148,000 cores and 500,000 queued jobs,
        ensuring that your <term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/>
        environment never runs out of head room.</p>
    </section>
  <section id="section_ug2_mbz_qr">
      <title>Improved productivity</title>
      <p id="p_s2f_3lc_rr">Features provided to <term
          conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_prodname"/> by <term
          conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_balance"/> include: bulk job
        submissions, dynamically adjustable swap space estimates, flexible data handling and the
        smart handling of dependencies in job arrays. By leveraging these capabilities, <term
          conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_clustercontrol"/> administrators can
        ensure that users will spend less time waiting for the cluster, and more time focused on
        their work.</p>
    </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
