<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptId">
 <title>Description of jobconf command</title>
 <shortdesc>Use to <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> to submit live job reconfiguration
  requests.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>jobconf<indexterm>description</indexterm></indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <p>The command <cmdname>jojobconf</cmdname> is enabled
     when <parmname>CLUSTER_LIVE_CONFDIR</parmname> is defined in<filepath> cluster.conf</filepath>. </p>
   <p>This command allows configuration changes without restarting the cluster or any daemons.
    Changes are made in active memory, and updated configuration files are written to the directory
    defined by parameter <parmname>CLUSTER_LIVE_CONFDIR</parmname>. Original configuration files are
    not changed. Configuration changes made using <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> cannot be rolled back.
    Undo unwanted configuration changes by undoing configuration changes with
    reverse <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> requests or by manually removing or replacing configuration files
     in <parmname>CLUSTER_LIVE_CONFDIR</parmname> before restart or reconfiguration. </p>
   <p>The first <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> command executed after restart or reconfiguration backs
    up the files that were loaded into memory. All files that <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> can change
    are backed up in <parmname>CLUSTER_LIVE_CONFDIR</parmname> as *.bak files. The backup files
    always represent the configuration before any <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> commands were executed. </p>
   <p>Only cluster administrators can run all <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> commands. All users can
     run <cmdname>jobconf hist</cmdname> queries. All <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> requests must be
    made from static servers. All configuration files should be free from warning messages before
    enabling live reconfiguration, and multiple sections in configuration files should be merged
    where possible. </p>
   <p>It is recommended that the order of sections and the syntax used in the configuration file
    templates be maintained in all configuration files used with live reconfiguration.</p>
   <p>
    <note type="important">
     <p>Remove <parmname>LIVE_CONFDIR</parmname> configuration files or merge files into
       <parmname>CONFDIR</parmname> before upgrading or applying patches.
      <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> supports common configuration changes; not all configuration
      changes can be made using <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname>. </p>
    </note>
   </p>
   <p>When using time-based configuration, changes to global configuration are changed globally, and
    changes to configuration for the active time window are changed only for the time window.
    Configuration files changed by <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname>:<ul id="ul_hrv_qdk_ae">
     <li>
      <p><filepath>cluster.resources</filepath></p>
     </li>
     <li>
      <p><filepath>cluster.queues</filepath></p>
     </li>
     <li>
      <p><filepath>cluster.users</filepath></p>
     </li>
     <li>
      <p><filepath>cluster.hosts</filepath></p>
     </li>
     <li>
      <p><filepath>live.cluster.</filepath><varname>clustername</varname></p>
     </li>
     <li>
      <p><filepath>cluster.serviceclasses</filepath></p>
     </li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>Making manual changes to the configuration files above while <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> is
    enabled automatically disables this feature and further live reconfiguration requests will be
    rejected. <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> makes changes to objects, or configuration blocks enclosed
    in Begin and End statements in the configuration files. One <cmdname>jobconf</cmdname> request
    can affect several configured objects. </p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
