<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceId">
  <title>Command: jtub</title>
  <shortdesc>Specifies the <cmdname>jtub</cmdname> and lists the options for the job configuration
    command.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>jtub<indexterm>options</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>syntax</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Synopsis</title><synph>
      <kwd>jtub</kwd> [<kwd>-H</kwd>] [<kwd>-r</kwd>|<kwd>-d</kwd>]
      [<kwd>-m</kwd>&nbsp;"<var>ver_comment</var>"] [[[<kwd>-T</kwd>&nbsp;<var>time_event</var>]
      ...] [[<kwd>-F</kwd>&nbsp;"<var>file_event</var>"] ...]
      [[<kwd>-p</kwd>&nbsp;"<var>proxy_event</var>"] ...]
      [<kwd>-C</kwd>&nbsp;<var>combination_type</var>]] <var>flow_file_name</var>
    </synph><synph>
      <kwd>jtub</kwd> [<kwd>-h</kwd>]|[<kwd>-V</kwd>] </synph>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Options</title>
      <p>
        <parml outputclass="sidehead">
          <plentry>
            <pt>-H</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Submits the flow definition on hold. No automatic events can trigger this
                definition until it has been explicitly released. Use this option when the flow
                definition is complete, but you are not yet ready to start running flows on its
                defined schedule. When a definition is on hold, it can still be triggered manually,
                such as for testing purposes.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-r</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Replace. Specifies that, if a flow definition with the same name already exists, it
                is replaced with the definition being submitted. If you do not specify
                  <cmdname>-r</cmdname> and the flow definition already exists, the submission
                fails.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-d</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Duplicate. Specifies that, if a flow definition with the same name already exists,
                a unique number is appended to the flow definition name to make it unique. The new
                name of the flow definition is displayed in the confirmation message when the flow
                definition is successfully submitted.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-m&nbsp;"<varname>ver_comment</varname>"</pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Submit the flow with version comments. <cmdname>jsub</cmdname> returns a flow
                version number after each successful submission.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt>-T&nbsp;<varname>time_event</varname></pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Specifies to automatically trigger a flow when the specified time events are true.
                Specify the time event in the following format:</p>
              <p>[<varname>cal_name</varname>[<userinput>@</userinput><varname>username</varname>]<userinput>:</userinput>]<varname>hour</varname><userinput>:</userinput><varname>minute</varname>[<userinput>%</userinput><varname>duration</varname>]][<userinput>#</userinput><varname>occurences</varname>][<userinput>+</userinput><varname>time_zone_id</varname>]</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt><varname>cal_name</varname></pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Specify the name of an existing calendar, which is used to calculate the days on
                which the flow runs. If you do not specify a calendar name, it defaults to
                Daily@Sys. If you do not specify a user name, the submitter’s user name is assumed.
                Therefore, the calendar must exist under that user name.</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt><varname>hour</varname>:<varname>minute</varname></pt>
            <pd>
              <p>Specify the time within each calendar day that the time event begins. You can
                specify the time in the following formats:</p>
            </pd>
          </plentry>
        </parml>
      </p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
