<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="t_mv_query_filter_warning_messages">
 <title>Query warning messages</title>
 <shortdesc>When you are generating a data view or analyzing entities, you must use filters to
  specify your search criteria. When a filter is activated, it is indicated with the icon. However,
  if a filter is invalid, an error or warning message is displayed.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <prodinfo>
    <prodname><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/></prodname>
    <vrmlist>
     <vrm version="1.1" release="GA" modification="b"/>
    </vrmlist>
   </prodinfo>
  </metadata>
  <metadata>
   <keywords><indexterm><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/><indexterm>workspace tab<indexterm>query warning messages</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <refbody>
 <properties>
  <prophead> 
   <proptypehd>Code Type</proptypehd>
   <propvaluehd>Value</propvaluehd>
   <propdeschd>Description</propdeschd> 
  </prophead>
  <property><proptype><msgph>A</msgph></proptype>
   <propvalue><msgnum>12211</msgnum></propvalue>
   <propdesc><p><msgph>Error</msgph>. There is a problem with the information in the filter. You cannot generate the report or
    search when there is an error.</p></propdesc>
  </property>
  <property><proptype><msgph>B</msgph></proptype><propvalue><msgnum>23324</msgnum></propvalue><propdesc><p><msgph>Warning</msgph>. There is a potential problem with the information in the filter. The report or search might
   take longer than usual to generate.</p></propdesc></property>
 </properties>
  <section>
   <p>Hover your mouse over the health status icon to see the warning or error message in a tooltip. The following
    table lists some examples of messages you can receive, and what you can do to fix the issue.</p> 
   <table frame="topbot" rowsep="1">
    <tgroup cols="2" rowsep="1">
     <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="33*"/>
     <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="67*"/>
     <thead>
      <row rowsep="1">
       <entry>Warning/Error Message</entry>
       <entry>Try This</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row rowsep="1">
       <entry><uicontrol>The search covers multiple days</uicontrol></entry>
       <entry>Decrease the time range for your report or search.</entry>
      </row>
      <row rowsep="1">
       <entry><uicontrol>There are no selected entities</uicontrol></entry>
       <entry>Your filter is empty. Select an entity or turn off the filter.</entry>
      </row>
      <row rowsep="1">
       <entry><uicontrol>There is no selection</uicontrol></entry>
       <entry>Your filter is empty. Select an option or turn off the filter.</entry>
      </row>
      <row rowsep="1">
       <entry><uicontrol>The dates and times are invalid</uicontrol></entry>
       <entry>The time range is invalid. You might have set the start date and time after the end
        date and time, or the end date and time before the start date and time. Reconfigure your time
        range for the report.</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table> 
  </section>
   
</refbody>
</reference>
