<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_mv_generating_data_views" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Generating data views</title>
    <shortdesc>To analyze your data and generate a data view, you must set the query filters, and then
        run the query. After you generate the data view, you can work with your results.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/></prodname>
                <vrmlist>
                    <vrm version="1.1" release="GA" modification="b"/>
                </vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
        </metadata>
        <metadata>
            <keywords><indexterm><term conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/><indexterm>generating data views</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Customized data views present your data based on the queries you create to analyze the tasks, clusters, and targets associated with your project.</p>
            <p>The maximum number of results you can receive in <term
                    conkeyref="r_productname_variables/ph_enduser"/> is 10,000. By
                default, the maximum number of results is 2,000. This value can be changed in the
                    <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> menu within your <uicontrol>Account</uicontrol>
                page.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <stepsection>To generate a data view:</stepsection>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open an existing data analysis task in the <uicontrol>Entity Pane</uicontrol>, or create a new data analysis task in the <uicontrol>Query Pane</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Query Pane</uicontrol>, use the query filters to further develop or modify your analysis.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note type="tip">Some of the filters have a <uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>
                        button. This button does not appear if there are more than 100 entities to
                        select from, because if you query too many entities the report takes too
                        long to generate.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Set a date and time range for the report.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Generate</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>If there are invalid filters, the <uicontrol>Generate</uicontrol> button is unavailable.</p>
                </info>
                <stepresult>The query results are displayed in the <uicontrol>Analysis Pane</uicontrol>. You can sort the results by column.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Analyze the query results.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>The query results depend on the type of data analysis task.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Work with the query results.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Depending on the items in the query results, you can print, export, or save your data analysis as a data view.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>(Optional) Save the data view as a template.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>This will save your current query filter and report column settings.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
